{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}
}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red180\green0\blue0;\red0\green80\blue160;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440

{\pard\qc\b\f1\fs36\cf2 BLACKLISTEDAIPROXY\par}
{\pard\qc\b\f1\fs20\cf2 by Blacklisted Binary Labs\par}
{\pard\qc\f1\fs16 blacklistedbinary.com\par}
{\pard\qc\f1\fs16 Version 2.13.7-beta.1 \emdash BETA RELEASE\par}
{\pard\qc\b\f1\fs22\cf2 COMPLETE LEGAL AGREEMENT PACKAGE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16\sb120 PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING OR USING THIS SOFTWARE. BY CLICKING "I AGREE" OR PROCEEDING WITH INSTALLATION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, CLICK "CANCEL" AND DO NOT INSTALL THIS SOFTWARE.\par}
{\pard\sb240\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb240\b\f1\fs26\cf3 TABLE OF CONTENTS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
1. Beta Software License and Disclaimer\line
2. End User License Agreement (GNU GPL v3 Supplement)\line
3. Terms of Service\line
4. AI System Usage Agreement and API Spoofing Warning\line
5. Privacy Policy\line
6. Hold Harmless and Indemnification Agreement\line
7. Third-Party Services Disclaimer\line
8. Acceptable Use Policy\line
9. Disclaimer of Warranties\line
10. Limitation of Liability\line
11. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution\line
12. Miscellaneous Provisions\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 1: BETA SOFTWARE LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 1.1 NATURE OF BETA SOFTWARE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 THIS SOFTWARE IS RELEASED AS BETA SOFTWARE. "BETA SOFTWARE" MEANS THAT THE SOFTWARE IS PRE-RELEASE, INCOMPLETE, EXPERIMENTAL, AND NOT SUITABLE FOR PRODUCTION USE OR DEPLOYMENT IN MISSION-CRITICAL SYSTEMS. THE SOFTWARE MAY CONTAIN ERRORS, DEFECTS, BUGS, AND SECURITY VULNERABILITIES THAT HAVE NOT YET BEEN IDENTIFIED OR RESOLVED.\par}
{\pard\sb120\f1\fs16 By installing this Beta software, you explicitly acknowledge and accept that:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) The software may crash, produce incorrect output, lose data, or fail entirely without notice;\line
(b) Features described in documentation may be incomplete, missing, or behave differently than described;\line
(c) The software has not undergone full quality assurance testing;\line
(d) The software may contain security vulnerabilities that could be exploited by malicious actors;\line
(e) Your use of this Beta software is entirely at your own risk;\line
(f) The development team provides no warranty, guarantee, or support obligation for Beta software;\line
(g) Beta versions may expire, be remotely disabled, or require mandatory updates;\line
(h) Data processed or stored by the Beta software may be lost, corrupted, or exposed;\line
(i) The Beta period may end at any time without notice, after which this version may cease to function.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 1.2 BETA FEEDBACK LICENSE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 By participating in the Beta program, you grant Blacklisted Binary Labs a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, and incorporate any feedback, bug reports, suggestions, or ideas you provide regarding the software. You waive any claim to compensation or attribution for such contributions.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 1.3 BETA PROGRAM TERMS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Participation in the Beta program is subject to the following conditions:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) You must be at least 18 years of age or have the legal consent of a parent or guardian;\line
(b) You agree to report bugs and issues to the development team through the designated channels;\line
(c) You agree not to disclose confidential aspects of the Beta software to the public without authorization;\line
(d) The development team reserves the right to revoke Beta access at any time without cause;\line
(e) You understand that Beta participation does not create any employment, contractor, or agency relationship.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 1.4 NO PRODUCTION USE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 THIS BETA SOFTWARE MUST NOT BE USED IN PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS, FOR COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS, OR IN ANY APPLICATION WHERE FAILURE COULD RESULT IN PERSONAL INJURY, FINANCIAL LOSS, DATA BREACH, REGULATORY VIOLATION, OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL HARM. THE DEVELOPER DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM PRODUCTION USE OF BETA SOFTWARE.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 2: END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 2.1 LICENSE GRANT\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 BlacklistedAIProxy ("the Software") is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 ("GPL v3"). Subject to your compliance with this Agreement and the GPL v3, Blacklisted Binary Labs grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to install and use the Software solely for personal, non-commercial purposes.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 2.2 GPL v3 COMPLIANCE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 The Software is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. The Software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details. A copy of the GPL v3 is included with the Software and is also available at: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 2.3 RESTRICTIONS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Notwithstanding the GPL v3, you may not:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Use the Software to violate any applicable law or regulation;\line
(b) Use the Software to circumvent security measures of third-party services in ways that violate those services' terms;\line
(c) Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices in the Software;\line
(d) Use the Software in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair third-party servers;\line
(e) Sublicense the Software except as permitted by the GPL v3;\line
(f) Use the Software for commercial services without ensuring GPL v3 compliance.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 2.4 OPEN SOURCE COMPONENTS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 The Software includes open-source components governed by their respective licenses. A complete list of third-party licenses is available in the DEPENDENCY-REGISTER.md file included with the Software.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 3: TERMS OF SERVICE\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 3.1 ACCEPTANCE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your use of the BlacklistedAIProxy software and any related services provided by Blacklisted Binary Labs. By using the Software, you agree to these Terms in their entirety.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 3.2 ELIGIBILITY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 You must be at least 18 years of age to use this Software. If you are between 13 and 17 years of age, you may only use this Software with the express consent and supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to these Terms on your behalf. Children under 13 may not use this Software.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 3.3 USER ACCOUNT RESPONSIBILITY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 You are solely responsible for:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) All credentials, API keys, tokens, and authentication materials you configure in the Software;\line
(b) The security of your local installation and any network exposure of the proxy service;\line
(c) Ensuring the Software is used only within your own accounts and authorized environments;\line
(d) Any automated activity conducted through the Software using your credentials;\line
(e) Backing up your configuration files and data.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 3.4 PROHIBITED CONDUCT\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 You agree NOT to use this Software to:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Generate, distribute, or store illegal content including but not limited to CSAM, terrorist content, or stolen personal information;\line
(b) Harass, threaten, or harm any individual or group;\line
(c) Engage in fraud, deception, or misrepresentation;\line
(d) Violate intellectual property rights;\line
(e) Distribute malware, ransomware, or other malicious software;\line
(f) Conduct DDoS attacks or other disruptive activities;\line
(g) Engage in market manipulation or financial fraud;\line
(h) Violate the terms of service of any AI provider accessed through this Software.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 3.5 MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Blacklisted Binary Labs reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time. Updated Terms will be available through the project's GitHub repository. Continued use of the Software after Terms modification constitutes acceptance of the revised Terms.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 3.6 TERMINATION\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Blacklisted Binary Labs may terminate your right to use the Software at any time if you violate these Terms. Upon termination, you must destroy all copies of the Software in your possession. The following sections survive termination: 6 (Hold Harmless), 9 (Warranty Disclaimer), 10 (Limitation of Liability), and 11 (Governing Law).\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 4: AI SYSTEM USAGE AGREEMENT AND API SPOOFING WARNING\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18\cf2 4.1 CRITICAL WARNING - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 THIS SOFTWARE OPERATES BY SIMULATING CLIENT APPLICATIONS TO ACCESS AI SERVICES. THIS TECHNIQUE IS COMMONLY REFERRED TO AS "API SPOOFING," "CLIENT EMULATION," OR "REVERSE-ENGINEERED API ACCESS." THE USE OF THIS TECHNIQUE CARRIES SIGNIFICANT RISKS THAT YOU MUST FULLY UNDERSTAND BEFORE PROCEEDING.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 4.2 ACCOUNT BAN AND SUSPENSION RISK\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 By using this Software, you acknowledge that:\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16
(a) Your accounts with Google (Gemini), Anthropic (Claude), OpenAI (ChatGPT/Codex), and xAI (Grok) MAY BE PERMANENTLY BANNED OR SUSPENDED without warning;\line
(b) IP addresses used with this Software MAY BE PERMANENTLY BLOCKED by AI service providers;\line
(c) Access to entire Google Cloud projects, Anthropic organizations, or OpenAI organizations may be revoked;\line
(d) Financial credits, prepaid balances, and subscription benefits may be forfeited without refund;\line
(e) Multiple accounts associated with your identity may be banned simultaneously ("associated account ban");\line
(f) Bans may be automated and immediate, with no appeal process available;\line
(g) Reinstated accounts may be subject to enhanced monitoring and reduced trust levels.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 4.3 PROVIDER-SPECIFIC RISKS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 The following describes known risks for each supported AI provider:\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs16 Google Gemini (gemini-cli-oauth / gemini-antigravity):\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Google's terms of service prohibit unauthorized programmatic access to consumer-facing products. Using this Software with Gemini may violate Google's Terms of Service at https://policies.google.com/terms. Google may: suspend your Google Account (affecting Gmail, Drive, YouTube, and all Google services), revoke your Google Cloud credits, terminate your Google Developer account, and/or take legal action.\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs16 Anthropic Claude (claude-kiro-oauth / claude-custom):\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Anthropic's usage policies at https://www.anthropic.com/usage-policies prohibit certain automated and non-standard access patterns. Kiro integration specifically emulates AWS Kiro client software. Unauthorized use may result in: suspension of your Anthropic account, loss of API credits, termination of enterprise agreements, and/or referral to AWS for ToS violations.\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs16 OpenAI ChatGPT / Codex (openai-codex-oauth):\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 OpenAI's Terms of Use at https://openai.com/policies/terms-of-use prohibit reverse engineering, scraping, or unauthorized access to their services. Using this Software with OpenAI may result in: permanent suspension of your OpenAI account, forfeiture of credits and API access, legal action under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) or equivalent legislation in your jurisdiction, and billing disputes.\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs16 xAI Grok (grok-oauth):\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 xAI's terms of service prohibit automated access to Grok. Use of this Software with Grok may result in: suspension of your X/Twitter account, loss of X Premium subscription, IP blocks affecting your ability to access X.com, and account-wide bans.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 4.4 LEGAL COMPLIANCE WARNING\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Depending on your jurisdiction and use case, using this Software may violate:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (18 U.S.C. \'a71030) (United States);\line
(b) The Computer Misuse Act 1990 (United Kingdom);\line
(c) EU Directive 2013/40/EU on attacks against information systems;\line
(d) Similar cybercrime legislation in your country;\line
(e) Contractual obligations in enterprise software agreements;\line
(f) AI service provider terms of service which may themselves be legally enforceable contracts.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 4.5 INDEMNIFICATION FOR AI PROVIDER ACTIONS\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 YOU AGREE TO FULLY INDEMNIFY, DEFEND, AND HOLD HARMLESS BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS AND ITS DEVELOPERS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, FINES, LEGAL FEES, AND COSTS ARISING FROM: (a) ANY AI PROVIDER TAKING ACTION AGAINST YOUR ACCOUNT; (b) ANY VIOLATION OF AN AI PROVIDER'S TERMS OF SERVICE; (c) ANY LEGAL ACTION BROUGHT BY AN AI PROVIDER OR THIRD PARTY; OR (d) ANY CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE WITH AI SERVICES.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 4.6 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF VOLUNTARY USE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 By proceeding with installation, you VOLUNTARILY and KNOWINGLY assume all risks described in this Section 4. You acknowledge that you have been adequately warned and that no misrepresentation has been made regarding the nature or risks of this software.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 5: PRIVACY POLICY\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 5.1 DATA WE COLLECT\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 BlacklistedAIProxy is designed to run entirely locally on your system. We do NOT:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Collect or transmit your API keys, tokens, or credentials to Blacklisted Binary Labs;\line
(b) Log or store your AI prompts or responses on our servers;\line
(c) Track your usage patterns or request history;\line
(d) Collect personally identifiable information (PII);\line
(e) Sell, share, or monetize your data in any way.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 5.2 DATA STORED LOCALLY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 The Software stores the following data locally on your device:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Configuration files containing your provider settings and credentials (stored in the installation directory);\line
(b) Log files recording service activity (stored in the logs subdirectory);\line
(c) OAuth tokens and authentication credentials (stored securely in the installation directory);\line
(d) Usage statistics if the model-usage-stats plugin is enabled (stored locally only).\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 5.3 DATA TRANSMITTED TO THIRD PARTIES\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 When you use this Software, the following data is transmitted to third-party AI providers:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Your prompts and conversation history (to AI providers you configure);\line
(b) Your authentication credentials (to the respective AI provider);\line
(c) Your IP address (visible to AI providers and any intermediate network services);\line
(d) Device information implicit in HTTP headers.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 These third parties operate under their own privacy policies, which you should review:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy\line
(b) Anthropic: https://www.anthropic.com/privacy\line
(c) OpenAI: https://openai.com/privacy\line
(d) xAI: https://x.ai/privacy\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 5.4 OPTIONAL TELEMETRY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 If you enable the optional OpenTelemetry or Langfuse integrations, trace data including provider names, model names, token counts, and request timing will be sent to the telemetry endpoints you configure. This data may include indirect references to your usage patterns. IP addresses in telemetry are hashed before export. These integrations are opt-in and disabled by default.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 5.5 BUG REPORTS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 If you use the built-in bug reporter, the following information may be submitted to our public GitHub repository: operating system version, Node.js version, software version, install path (if not redacted), and the content of any log files you choose to attach. You should review and redact any sensitive information (API keys, tokens, personal data) before submitting a bug report. Bug reports submitted to our public GitHub repository are publicly visible.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 5.6 CHILDREN'S PRIVACY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 This Software is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe a child has used this Software, please contact us immediately.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 6: HOLD HARMLESS AND INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 6.1 GENERAL HOLD HARMLESS\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ("USER") AGREE TO HOLD HARMLESS, DEFEND, AND INDEMNIFY BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS, ITS FOUNDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, CONTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS, AND AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY "PROTECTED PARTIES") FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Your use of or inability to use the Software;\line
(b) Your violation of these Terms or any applicable law;\line
(c) Your violation of any third-party rights, including but not limited to intellectual property rights;\line
(d) Your violation of any AI provider's terms of service or acceptable use policy;\line
(e) Any content generated through your use of the Software;\line
(f) Your negligence or wilful misconduct;\line
(g) Any claim by a third party arising from your use of the Software;\line
(h) Any regulatory action, fine, or sanction resulting from your use of the Software;\line
(i) Any data loss, security breach, or privacy violation resulting from your use of the Software;\line
(j) Any account suspensions, IP blocks, or service terminations caused by your use of the Software.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 6.2 THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 If any third party, including but not limited to Google LLC, Anthropic PBC, OpenAI LLC, xAI Corp, Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Corporation, or any government authority, brings a claim against Blacklisted Binary Labs arising from your use of this Software, you agree to:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Cooperate fully in the defense of such claim;\line
(b) Provide any documentation, testimony, or evidence reasonably requested;\line
(c) Reimburse all reasonable legal costs and settlement amounts paid by the Protected Parties;\line
(d) Assume control of the defense if requested by the Protected Parties.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 6.3 NETWORK OPERATOR INDEMNIFICATION\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 If the Software is run on a shared network, corporate environment, cloud infrastructure, or hosting service, you represent and warrant that you have authority to run the Software on that network and you agree to indemnify the Protected Parties for any claims arising from such use, including claims by your employer, network operator, or hosting provider.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 6.4 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNIFICATION\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 You represent that your use of the Software does not infringe any third-party intellectual property rights. If your use of the Software results in an IP infringement claim, you agree to indemnify the Protected Parties for all resulting costs and damages.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 7: THIRD-PARTY SERVICES DISCLAIMER\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 7.1 NO AFFILIATION\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 BlacklistedAIProxy is an independent, open-source project with NO official affiliation, partnership, endorsement, or authorization from Google LLC, Anthropic PBC, OpenAI LLC, xAI Corp, Amazon Web Services, or any other AI service provider. Use of their names, trademarks, or service names in this documentation is solely for descriptive purposes and does not imply any relationship.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 7.2 NO WARRANTY OF ACCESS\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Blacklisted Binary Labs makes no warranty or representation that:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Any specific AI service will remain accessible through this Software;\line
(b) The Software will remain functional as AI providers update their systems;\line
(c) API access methods used by the Software will not be blocked or deprecated;\line
(d) The Software will be updated to maintain compatibility with changing provider APIs.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 7.3 THIRD-PARTY SERVICE AVAILABILITY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Blacklisted Binary Labs has no control over the availability, performance, or functionality of third-party AI services. We are not liable for any disruption, degradation, or termination of third-party services, and we cannot guarantee continuous access to any AI provider through this Software.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 8: ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 8.1 PERMITTED USE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 This Software is intended for:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Personal learning, research, and educational purposes;\line
(b) Development and testing of AI-integrated applications;\line
(c) Legitimate proxy routing for personal AI tool usage;\line
(d) Open-source contribution and community development.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 8.2 PROHIBITED USE\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 This Software must NOT be used for:\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16
(a) Generating content that violates any law in any jurisdiction;\line
(b) Creating, distributing, or facilitating SPAM or unsolicited communications;\line
(c) Training AI models without explicit authorization from the training data owners;\line
(d) Conducting automated social engineering attacks;\line
(e) Circumventing security measures in ways prohibited by law;\line
(f) Any purpose that violates human rights or dignity;\line
(g) Commercial services without ensuring GPL v3 compliance;\line
(h) Operating at scale in a manner that damages the economics of AI providers;\line
(i) Any activity that Blacklisted Binary Labs determines, in its sole discretion, to be harmful to users, providers, or the public.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 9: DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT:\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16
(a) THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;\line
(b) THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE;\line
(c) THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE;\line
(d) ANY ERRORS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED;\line
(e) THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT DAMAGE YOUR SYSTEM OR DATA;\line
(f) THE SOFTWARE WILL REMAIN COMPATIBLE WITH THIRD-PARTY AI SERVICES.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 10: LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS, ITS FOUNDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY:\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16
(a) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES;\line
(b) LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR GOODWILL;\line
(c) COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;\line
(d) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE;\line
(e) ACCOUNT SUSPENSIONS OR SERVICE TERMINATIONS BY THIRD PARTIES;\line
(f) LEGAL COSTS OR REGULATORY FINES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE;\line
(g) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR DATA OR ACCOUNTS;\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 EVEN IF BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LIABILITY CANNOT BE FULLY EXCLUDED, BLACKLISTED BINARY LABS' TOTAL LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED USD $10.00 (TEN US DOLLARS). THIS LIMITATION APPLIES REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE).\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 11: GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 11.1 GOVERNING LAW\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, United States, without regard to its conflict-of-law provisions.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 11.2 DISPUTE RESOLUTION\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules. The arbitration shall be conducted in English. The arbitrator's decision shall be final and binding. YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 11.3 CLASS ACTION WAIVER\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 YOU AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.\par}
{\pard\f1\fs14\cf1 \line}

{\pard\sb360\b\f1\fs28\cf2 SECTION 12: MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS\par}
{\pard\sb60\b\f1\fs18 12.1 ENTIRE AGREEMENT\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 This Agreement, together with the GNU GPL v3 License (incorporated by reference), constitutes the entire agreement between you and Blacklisted Binary Labs regarding the Software and supersedes all prior agreements, representations, and understandings.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 12.2 SEVERABILITY\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable, that provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable, and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 12.3 WAIVER\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 Blacklisted Binary Labs' failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of its right to enforce such provision in the future.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 12.4 ASSIGNMENT\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 You may not assign or transfer your rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Blacklisted Binary Labs. Blacklisted Binary Labs may assign this Agreement without restriction.\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 12.5 NOTICES\par}
{\pard\f1\fs16 All notices under this Agreement shall be provided through the project's GitHub repository at: https://github.com/crazyrob425/BlacklistedAIProxy\par}
{\pard\sb120\b\f1\fs18 12.6 ACKNOWLEDGMENT\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16 BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT:\par}
{\pard\cf2\b\f1\fs16
(a) YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE;\line
(b) YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS ENTIRE AGREEMENT;\line
(c) YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY ALL TERMS HEREIN;\line
(d) YOU HAVE RECEIVED ADEQUATE WARNING ABOUT ALL RISKS DESCRIBED HEREIN;\line
(e) YOU ARE VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS WITHOUT COERCION;\line
(f) YOU ARE ACTING ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND NOT AS AN AGENT OF ANY AI PROVIDER.\par}

{\pard\sb240\qc\f1\fs14 \emdash END OF LEGAL AGREEMENT PACKAGE \emdash\par}
{\pard\qc\f1\fs14 BlacklistedAIProxy v2.13.7-beta.1 \bullet Blacklisted Binary Labs \bullet blacklistedbinary.com\par}
{\pard\qc\f1\fs14 https://github.com/crazyrob425/BlacklistedAIProxy\par}
}
